## Problems/Feedback

If you have problems to install or use `DINEOF`, we would be glad to help you. We have created a mailing list where you can ask your questions, and check the questions already posted by others. You can join as a member by going to: http://groups.google.com/group/dineof. Once you are a member, you can ask your question by sending an email to: dineof at googlegroups dot com (with obvious substitutions). Please join our discussion group! See also Troubleshooting.

### Procedure

In order for us to help you, please provide the following information when reporting your problem through the mailing list:

* Which version of DINEOF is used. Did you compile it yourself or did you use the binaries we provide?
* Which operating system and which version are you working on? (for example: Windows 8.1, Ubuntu 14.04 ...)
* Are you working on a 32-bit or 64 bit CPU?
* Error message (the exact screen output in text format, please)

If you are compiling DINEOF from source, please make sure to give us also the following information:

* Which Fortran compiler (and which version) are you using (for example, gfortran 4.8.0)
* Compiler flags used to compile ARPACK (If you did not compile ARPACK by yourself, then you can just specify from where you got the compiled library, e.g. Ubuntu software repository or MacPorts).
* Your Makefile and the corresponding file in Compilers/ (e.g. Linux-gfortran.mk if you use gfortran on Linux).
* Compile log (`make.log`) generated by compiling DINEOF:
```bash
make clean all > make.log
```
If you think there is a bug, please provide a stripped-down version of your problem which still exhibits the problem.

Please do not omit any of those points. The more information you provide, the more likely we can help you rapidly.
